(Advances In Theory And Practice Of Emerging Markets) Nripendra P. Rana, Emma L. Slade, Ganesh Prasad Sahu, Hatice Kizgin, Nitish Singh, Bidit Dey, Anabel Gutierrez, Yogesh K. Dwivedi - Digital And So.pdf
(Handbooks of research methods in management.) Lewin, David_ Loudoun, Rebecca_ Townsend, Keith - Handbook of qualitative research methods on human resource management _ innovative techniques-Edward El.pdf
(International Marketing And Management Research) Anshu Saxena Arora, Sabine Bacouel-Jentjens, Mohamad Sepehri, Amit Arora - Sustainable Innovation_ Trends In Marketing And Management-Palgrave Pivot (.pdf
(International Series In Advanced Management Studies) Giovanna Pegan, Donata Vianelli, Patrizia De Luca - International Marketing Strategy_ The Country Of Origin Effect On Decision-Making In Practice-.pdf
(Princeton Studies In Culture And Technology) Jessa Lingel - An Internet For The People_ The Politics And Promise Of Craigslist-Princeton University Press (2020).pdf
(Progress in IS) Rimantas Gatautis, Jūratė Banytė, Elena Vitkauskaitė - Gamification and Consumer Engagement_ Creating Value in Context of ICT Development-Springer (2021).pdf
(Retailing And International Marketing) Frederic Nimmermann - Congruency, Expectations And Consumer Behavior In Digital Environments-Gabler Verlag (2020).pdf
(Springer Series In Supply Chain Management Vol. 9) Saibal Ray, Shuya Yin - Channel Strategies And Marketing Mix In A Connected World-Springer (2020).pdf
(Wiley Finance) Kremena K. Bachmann, Enrico G. De Giorgi, Thorsten Hens - Behavioral Finance for Private Banking_ From the Art of Advice to the Science of Advice-Wiley (2018) (1).pdf
(Wiley Finance) Kremena K. Bachmann, Enrico G. De Giorgi, Thorsten Hens - Behavioral Finance for Private Banking_ From the Art of Advice to the Science of Advice-Wiley (2018).pdf
Aaron Agius, Gián Clancey - Faster, Smarter, Louder_ Master Attention in a Noisy Digital Market-Lioncrest Publishing (22 July 2019).epub
Alvin C. Burns_ Ann Veeck_ Ronald F. Bush - Marketing research (2020).part1.rar
Alvin C. Burns_ Ann Veeck_ Ronald F. Bush - Marketing research (2020).part2.rar
Alvin C. Burns_ Ann Veeck_ Ronald F. Bush - Marketing research (2020).part3.rar
Andreas Kohne - Business Development_ Customer-oriented Business Development for successful companies-Springer Fachmedien Wiesbaden_Springer Vieweg (2019).pdf
Andreas Kohne - Business Development_ Kundenorientierte Geschäftsfeldentwicklung für erfolgreiche Unternehmen-Springer Fachmedien Wiesbaden_Springer Vieweg (2019).pdf
Andrew Smith - Consumer Behaviour and Analytics-Routledge_Taylor & Francis Group (2020).pdf
Arnold Zellner An introduction to Bayesian inference in econometrics.djvu
Arthur J. Keown - Personal Finance_ Turning Money into Wealth (eighth edition)-Pearson (2018).pdf
Bridget Brennan - Winning Her Business_ How to Transform the Customer Experience for the World’s Most Powerful Consumers-HarperCollins Leadership (2019).pdf
Budgeting an experimental investigation of the effect.pdf
Burke, Wyatt Warner_Noumair, Debra A - Organization development_ a process of learning and changing-Pearson Education (2015).pdf
Charles W. Lamb_ Joe F. Hair_ Carl McDaniel - MKTG_ Principles of Marketing-Cengage (2020).epub
Charles W.L. Hill_ G. Tomas M. Hult - International Business_ Competing in the Global Marketplace-McGraw-Hill Education (2018).part1.rar
Charles W.L. Hill_ G. Tomas M. Hult - International Business_ Competing in the Global Marketplace-McGraw-Hill Education (2018).part2.rar
Charles W.L. Hill_ G. Tomas M. Hult - International Business_ Competing in the Global Marketplace-McGraw-Hill Education (2018).part3.rar
Charles W.L. Hill_ G. Tomas M. Hult - International Business_ Competing in the Global Marketplace-McGraw-Hill Education (2018).part4.rar
Cheng Hsiao Analysis of Panel Data.pdf
Cindy Barnes, Helen Blake, Tamara Howard - Selling Your Value Proposition_ How to Transform Your Business into a Selling Organization-Kogan Page (3 May 2017).epub
Cornwall, Jeffrey R._ Scarborough, Norman M._ Zimmerer, Thomas - Essentials of entrepreneurship and small business management-Pearson (2015_2016).pdf
Cryer, Jonathan D. Time Series Analysis With Applications in R.pdf
Damodar Gujarati, Dawn Porter Basic Econometrics.pdf
Damodar N. Gujarati Basic Econometrics.pdf
David W. Hosmer, Stanley Lemeshow, Susanne Mayauth. Applied Survival Analysis Regression Modeling of Time-to-Event Data, Second Edition.pdf
Dipak K. Dey, Sujit K. Ghosh, Bani K. Mallick Generalized Linear Models A Bayesian Perspective.pdf
Donald L. Anderson - Organization Development_ The Process of Leading Organizational Change-Sage Publications, Inc (2016).pdf
Donald Miller_ Dr. J.J. Peterson - Marketing Made Simple_ A Step-by-Step Storybrand Guide for Any Business-HarperCollins Leadership (2020).epub
Douglas C. Montgomery, Elizabeth A. Peck, G. Geoffrey Vining Introduction to Linear Regression Analysis.pdf
Earl R. Babbie The Practice of Social Research 12th Edition .pdf
Factors Influencing the Target Costing Process.pdf
Foster, S Thomas - Managing quality_ integrating the supply chain-Pearson (2016_2017).pdf
G. S. Maddala Limited-Dependent and Qualitative Variables in Econometrics.pdf
Geoffrey A. Jehle, Philip J. Reny Advanced Microeconomic Theory, 3rd Edition .pdf
Gerry Johnson, Kevan Scholes, Richard Whittington Exploring Corporate Strategy 8th Edition.pdf
H. Thomas Johnson, Robert S. Kaplan Relevance Lost The Rise and Fall of Management Accounting.pdf
Hal R. Varian Microeconomic Analysis.pdf
Hal R. Varian Microeconomics analysis.pdf
Hashem Pesaran, Lung-Fei Lee, Cheng Hsiao, M. Hashem Pesaran, Kajal Lahiri, Lung Fei Lee Analysis of Panels and Limited Dependent Variable Models.rar
J Holton Wilson_ Barry Keating - Business forecasting _ with ForecastX TM-McGraw-Hill_Irwin (2009).pdf
J. Holton Wilson, Barry Keating - Business Forecasting with ForecastX-McGraw-Hill _ Irwin (2008).pdf
Jason Hanson - Agent of Influence_ How to Use Spy Skills to Persuade Anyone, Sell Anything, and Build a Successful Business-Dey Street Books (4 Jun 2019).epub
Jeff Bloomfield - Story-Based Selling_ Create, Connect, and Close-SelectBooks (28 May 2014).epub
Jeffrey Gitomer - Jeffrey Gitomer’s 21.5 Unbreakable Laws of Selling_ Proven Actions You Must Take to Make Easier, Faster, Bigger Sales...Now and Forever-Bard Press (3 Sept 2013).epub
Jeffrey K. Pinto - Project Management_ Achieving Competitive Advantage-Pearson Education, Inc. (2019).pdf
Joseph F. Hair, William C. Black, Barry J. Babin, Rolph E. Anderson Multivariate Data Analysis 7th Edition.pdf
Jr., William C. Black, Barry J. Ba Joseph F. Hair - Multivariate Data Analysis-Pearson Education Limited (2013).pdf
Jr., William C. Black, Barry J. Ba Joseph F. Hair Multivariate Data Analysis.pdf
Karl Popper The Logic Of Scientific Discovery.pdf
Karl Popper The logic of scientific discovery.pdf
Larson, Erik W.__ Clifford F. Gray - Project Management_ the Managerial Process (2020).epub
Maison, Dominika - Qualitative marketing research_ understanding consumer behaviour-Routledge (2019).pdf
Malhotra, Naresh K - Basic Marketing Research_ Leeds University Business School-Pearson Education Canada (2013).pdf
Max H. Bazerman, Don A. Moore Judgment in Managerial Decision Making.pdf
McKinsey & Company Inc._ Marc Goedhart_ David Wessels - Valuation_ Measuring and Managing the Value of Companies (7th University Edition) (2020).epub
Michael Geringer - International Business-McGraw-Hill Education (2015).part1.rar
Michael Geringer - International Business-McGraw-Hill Education (2015).part2.rar
Michael Geringer - International Business-McGraw-Hill Education (2015).part3.rar
Michael Geringer - International Business-McGraw-Hill Education (2015).part4.rar
Norman M. Scarborough - Effective Small Business Management, 10th Edition -Prentice Hall (2011).pdf
Patton, Marty - Webinar Marketing Made Easy_ Proven and Tested Webinar Marketing Strategies To Boost Your Business (2020).azw3
Patton, Marty - Webinar Marketing Made Easy_ Proven and Tested Webinar Marketing Strategies To Boost Your Business (2020).epub
Philip R. Cateora_ John Grahaam_ Mary C. Gilly - International Marketing-McGraw-Hill Education (2015).part1.rar
Philip R. Cateora_ John Grahaam_ Mary C. Gilly - International Marketing-McGraw-Hill Education (2015).part2.rar
Philip R. Cateora_ John Grahaam_ Mary C. Gilly - International Marketing-McGraw-Hill Education (2015).part3.rar
Philip R. Cateora_ John Grahaam_ Mary C. Gilly - International Marketing-McGraw-Hill Education (2015).part4.rar
Rajagopal - Transgenerational Marketing_ Evolution, Expansion, And Experience-Palgrave Macmillan (2020) (1).pdf
Rajagopal - Transgenerational Marketing_ Evolution, Expansion, And Experience-Palgrave Macmillan (2020).pdf
Riahi-Belkaoui A. Behavioral Management Accounting.pdf
Richard Arnold Johnson, Dean W. Wichern Applied multivariate statistical analysis, 5th Edition.pdf
Richard Arnold Johnson, Dean W. Wichern Applied multivariate statistical analysis, 6th Edition .pdf
Richard L. Daft - Management.part1.rar
Richard L. Daft - Management.part2.rar
Richard M. Burton, Børge Obel, Gerardine DeSanctis - Organizational Design_ A Step-by-Step Approach-Cambridge University Press (2011) (1).pdf
Richard M. Burton, Børge Obel, Gerardine DeSanctis - Organizational Design_ A Step-by-Step Approach-Cambridge University Press (2011).pdf
Robert H. Ashton editor, Alison Hubbard Ashton editor Judgment and Decision-Making Research in Accounting and Auditing Cambridge Series on Judgment and Decision Making.pdf
Robert L. Mason, Richard F. Gunst, James L. Hess Statistical design and analysis of experiments with applications to engineering and science.pdf
Roman Kozhan Financial Econometrics.pdf
Sanford Weisberg Applied Linear Regression.pdf
Sanford Weisberg Applied linear regression (1).pdf
Scott A. Snell_ Shad Morris - Managing Human Resources-Cengage Learning (2018).rar
Sharon Smith-Akinsanya - Colorfull_ Competitive Strategies to Attract and Retain Top Talent of Color-Morgan James Publishing (2021).epub
Slack, Nigel_Lewis, Michael(Contributor) - Operations strategy-Pearson Mission (2017).pdf
Spyros G. Makridakis, Steven C. Wheelwright, Rob J Hyndman Forecasting Methods and Applications.pdf
Ted Sudol, Paul Mladjenovic - Affiliate Marketing For Dummies-John Wiley & Sons (2020).epub
The Introduction of Management Control Systems in Growing.pdf
Tim Staples, Josh Young - Break Through the Noise_ The Nine Rules to Capture Global Attention-Houghton Mifflin Harcourt (9 July 2019).epub
Varian Microeconomic Analysis. SOLUTIONS.pdf
W. Lawrence Neuman Social Research Methods Qualitative and Quantitative Approaches.pdf
Walter Enders Applied Econometric Time Series.pdf
Walter Nicholson, Christopher M. Snyder Microeconomic Theory Basic Principles and Extensions.pdf
Wayne Cascio - Managing Human Resources-McGraw-Hill Education (2008).pdf
William W.S. Wei Time Series Analysis Univariate and Multivariate Methods 2nd Edition.pdf
[Andrew_Gelman,_John_B._Carlin,_Hal_S._Stern,_Davi(b-ok.org).pdf
[Bayu_Dardias_Kurniadi]_Praktek_Penelitian_Kualita.pdf
[Benjamin_R._Newell,_David_A._Lagnado,_David_R._Sh(BookFi).pdf
[David_Silverman_(Ed.)]_Qualitative_Research_Theo(BookFi).pdf
further evidence on the representativeness.pdf
investment 11th edition.rar
target cost management and organizational theories.pdf
the association between activity-based costing.pdf
the balanced scorecard judgmental effect.pdf
the balanced scorecard the effect of assurance.pdf
towards.explaining.pdf
using budget for performance evaluation effects of resource.pdf
